,Review Rate,Review Time,Review Text
0, 5 stars ,4 months ago,Love being part of such incredible history. So proud of my kid. #WESTERNDAD
1, 5 stars ,2 weeks ago,"I had a double bypass.  Every person from the surgeon, nurses, p.s.w.'s, and room cleaners are professional and personable and treated me with kindness and respect.  Thank you to all!"
2, 5 stars ,2 weeks ago,Great school and campus. Job opportunities are strong at there business school.
3, 1 star ,2 months ago,I am ashamed of what was my own university forcing an ethics professor from her position at Huron College for teaching and loving the exact thing she was teaching her students to do faithfully for two decades.  Where has an institution gone …
4, 4 stars ,a year ago,"Seems like a nice looking campus. We came here for a conference and enjoyed walking around the property, there were not many students around in the early summer."
5, 2 stars ,3 months ago,"You should trust your students to make the appropriate decision for themselves. Coercion isn't cool. Everyone understands that vaccines work and have been used for decades, but that doesn't give us the right to force people who may have valid concerns. It is very sad to see free thought stifled."
6, 5 stars ,3 months ago,"Lovely campus, well-maintained, gets crowded during the school between Sept and April. A blend of old and new architecture makes for a nice scenic walk through."
7, 4 stars ,2 weeks ago,Huge place but runs very efficiently with helpful staff 👏
8, 4 stars ,6 months ago,"No matter where you walk there’s always a beautiful view! Great university, demands time and real effort. Could be better at guiding students, but felt more like a number in classes here compared to the affiliates. Plenty of students during Fall/Winter term but pretty quiet during the summer."
9, 4 stars ,2 years ago,"Beautiful campus!  Lots to see when walking around inside and out!  As a student I was treated as a number not a person.  Their priority is clearly to make money, not support their students.  There should be a better balance between the two."
10, 5 stars ,2 months ago,"It’s the best school to be honest. Western has 5 schools in total (Huron, King’s, Brescia, Western and Ivey). A lot of fun event and the campus is sooo bigg. Choose your school wisely. I recommend Huron if ur going for business, otherwise choose Western (I did not research for other schools)"
11, 5 stars ,3 years ago,"Western has an incredibly beautiful campus teeming with life. It has a good blend of natural and man made element, cementing the fact that you’re in forest city. Like any university the staff varies in quality but overall the student experience is enjoyable and welcoming!"
12, 4 stars ,8 months ago,"Loved my time Western. Great balance of school/work/and play. Lots of events for students to do, great opportunities to learn and good programs. It was difficult getting accommodations for my disability initially but once I got into the system they gave me the supports I needed to be able to graduate. Miss my time at Western!"
13, 5 stars ,2 months ago,"Got to see the doctor
On time
Great staff to help
With the process"
14, 3 stars ,3 months ago,"Life & food !
My review is only limited to food as I am a foodie. Food & cuisine falls in my priority list as I consider Good food nourishes your brain & body. Students come …"
15, 5 stars ,6 months ago,"A dream university to attend to. There are many reasons for which I would like to go for this university:
1) The campus is really vast. You might get lost inside the number of buildings. …"
16, 5 stars ,10 months ago,"Go Mustangs, completed my BA in Sociology here, second to none! Love Western"
17, 1 star ,2 months ago,I can see why Western has a drinking and party problem when you have a psychology professor promoting to young students the use of alcohol in order to relax.
18, 5 stars ,2 years ago,They have a beautiful campus.
19, 5 stars ,a year ago,"Great university, awesome place for learning🙂."
20, 2 stars ,5 months ago,"Not a great university for international students.I did not recieve much support or guidance. Also, some of my classes were very crowded. The views are beautiful though. And the gym was great"
21, 4 stars ,11 months ago,Beautiful campus.
22, 1 star ,2 months ago,"This university stands for coercion and segregation based on medical status
Absolutely shameful to force staffs to mandatory covid jab."
23, 1 star ,4 months ago,"Today was a horrible day for me because the nurses and staff were very rude and not friendly at all.
I feel very disappointed to have had a bad experience like this in a hospital 😢😭😡"
24, 5 stars ,4 months ago,"I go for treatment, covid  screening is very professional and fast."
25, 5 stars ,4 months ago,Great campus! Always good to drive
26, 5 stars ,8 months ago,Great hospital.. friendly staff.. nurses are wonderful and the doctor who I seen was/is very friendly and walked through my procedure thoroughly.
27, 3 stars ,10 months ago,This is a tough review because I did feel they were doing a very good job of control and safety but the parking charge is about the highest I have paid anywhere considering I think they have owned the land over 100 years. Expect to pay at …
28, 5 stars ,2 months ago,Better than McMaster Uni
29, 4 stars ,8 months ago,"Enjoy my study years here. There  are issues but the improvement overlap  those issues, making it an awesome  experience."
30, 5 stars ,5 months ago,Amazing university! I have no words to describe my experience.
31, 5 stars ,7 months ago,"The University of Western Ontario (UWO), branded as Western University as of 2012 and commonly shortened to Western, is a public research university in London, Ontario, Canada. The main campus is located on 455 hectares (1,120 acres) of …"
32, 5 stars ,2 years ago,The campus is beautiful. Such an amazing place to be at.
33, 5 stars ,6 months ago,"Very nice doctor was very good, explained everything very nicely. I had done my angiography done there."
34, 1 star ,4 months ago,I requested replacement of my degree and they have been ignoring my email for more than a year. Completely unacceptable.
35, 5 stars ,10 months ago,"Had  brain surgery, and every part of the team was so positive and helpful! I would strongly reccomend this hospital."
36, 5 stars ,3 years ago,"Western is a world class institution where great minds meet great professors and great students, it's a school with multiple programs for undergraduate, graduate and PhD with experience professors, adequate equipment, research laboratories and serene environment for learning."
37, 1 star ,a year ago,"Terrible place, they care only aboutthe tuitions and you have better chance to study else where. profs are not profs with a knowledge on how to talk to students or even care about them. There are so many better institutions around. but not …"
38, 5 stars ,2 months ago,"Nice place, friendly staff."
39, 1 star ,2 months ago,No respect for private medical choices.
40, 5 stars ,a year ago,It’s the best university in Canada.
41, 5 stars ,9 months ago,"6 years ago,I had Cervical fusion and healed amazingly ,today ,I just had a torn ACL and MCL repaired ,everyone was amazing THANK YOU to all the staff"
42, 5 stars ,a year ago,"Best four years of my life at this university. I went to the affiliate college, King's College. Amazing professors, and smaller classes."
43, 5 stars ,7 months ago,"Amazing university. Great people and friends, they are super helpful and very smart. Taking calc 1500 is not recommend though."
44, 5 stars ,4 months ago,They saved my life.. thank you much..
45, 5 stars ,3 months ago,Best hospital in 🇨🇦
46, 5 stars ,5 months ago,Beautiful campus to stroll around.
47, 5 stars ,6 months ago,"Caring, and knowle gable staff."
48, 4 stars ,10 months ago,All the staff were wonderful making my stay that much better
49, 5 stars ,9 months ago,Great university experience overall however my Psychology degree has proved me pointless so I wouldn’t recommend doing it unless you’re going to go on to become a psychologist
50, 4 stars ,a year ago,"Wonderfull staff, and doctors in the ER dept. Slow wait times but you can thank sock boy priminister for that!"
51, 5 stars ,a year ago,"Dr.s, nurses and assistants  were great University Hospital in London have the greatest caregivers I have ever met.  London should be proud to stand up for them. Thanks  Ricky Somerville."
52, 5 stars ,6 years ago,I love this school. I spent two years at Brock University before transferring here. You honestly can't even compare the two. This has been the most incredible experience of my life so far and I don't regret my decision at all. This really …
53, 3 stars ,5 months ago,"4 1/2 hours waiting to be seen by a doctor.
Wow!!"
54, 5 stars ,a year ago,Better school than Queen's don't @ me.
55, 5 stars ,11 months ago,World class. Everyone went above and beyond.
56, 5 stars ,8 months ago,The best university in Canada.. 😊 👌
57, 5 stars ,8 years ago,"There are a few reasons why I love this university:
1) The campus is absolutely stunning. The older style of the buildings give the campus a very intelligent and dignified look. There are also lots of plants and …"
58, 5 stars ,6 months ago,Love the amazing staff.
59, 5 stars ,4 months ago,Best view ever
60, 5 stars ,3 years ago,"Location - easy to get to by car or bus.
Facilities - always improving/upgrading and adding new and exciting spaces for staff and students - grounds are beautifully maintained. …"
61, 1 star ,11 months ago,My degree was an insane waste of money. I really regret spending money here.
62, 5 stars ,2 years ago,"Beautiful campus.  Last week I met bunch of  new-comer friend, they asked me what do I do, I told them I am learning in western University in Mandarin, it does sound like a fake university from a province in China. 西安大略大学，西安省的大略大学，I should …"
63, 5 stars ,a year ago,Great treatment at  University Hospital. Every staff member was warm and friendly and so caring. Thanks to Dr Teefy and all his colleagues in Cardiac Catheterization
64, 1 star ,2 years ago,So basically you pay 10k a year to be able to write an exam at the end. Because most Professors don't care if you understand material and you end up studying everything all over at home on your own. Staff is rude and unprofessional. But parties and concerts were lit though that should make up for it right?
65, 1 star ,2 months ago,UNSAFE UNIVERSITY!
66, 4 stars ,10 months ago,Staff always supportive outstanding tech support
67, 1 star ,2 months ago,Unsafe Unversity
68, 5 stars ,8 months ago,Awesome and world famous university
69, 5 stars ,9 months ago,So wonderful and caring staff.
70, 1 star ,3 years ago,After last nights’ display of frosh week echoing across the city I would give this facility zero stars if I could. I’ve officially lost all respect for their organization. …
71, 4 stars ,5 months ago,Was at university hospital visiting a patient
72, 3 stars ,9 months ago,I was trying to locate a contact with respect to leaving some money to Western through my will but was unsuccessful
73, 5 stars ,a year ago,Very helpful. Thx to the Maritime Dr that seen me. Was nice to have someone from back home :)
74, 5 stars ,8 months ago,Amazing place great people
75, 5 stars ,a year ago,Everyone there is very professional and great care
76, 5 stars ,a year ago,Feels grand and secluded in a good way.
77, 1 star ,3 months ago,No v*x choice
78, 5 stars ,3 years ago,"Spent my last four years here, definitely the most memorable time of my life. Highly recommended for those who pursue academic success and practical life and work skills. Luv ya forevereverever. :D"
79, 4 stars ,a year ago,"The University of Western Ontario (UWO), corporately branded as Western University as of 2012 and commonly shortened to Western, is a public research university in London, Ontario, Canada. The main campus is on 455 hectares (1,120 acres) of …"
80, 3 stars ,2 years ago,"Great place to study, interact, grow, and graduate from but as an institution it tends to pander to what is current, in vogue, and politically expedient.  I would not recommend this school for those who desire an objective, critically …"
81, 5 stars ,4 years ago,"Western truly has the best sense of community. London is the biggest small town! The lecturers really do care about your education and the school itself is rapidly diversifying when it comes to culture, LGBT and indigenous education. I am so thankful to have gotten my education here, it truly is the best student experience!"
82, 1 star ,2 years ago,"They are just money making machines, who take money and a lot of your effort in name of application process. Then they simply do not offer admission and their department never ever gets back to you with any sort of feedback.
Rude, pathetic people"
83, 5 stars ,2 years ago,"Nice compounds,green grass and nice trees..in fact i love this university and i can't wait to study there👍😍"
84, 5 stars ,10 months ago,No covid19 there is safe to use the hospital
85, 5 stars ,4 years ago,"I was there  early April, for a horrible tooth infection. Receptionist  (Kristi) went above & beyond her job to squeeze me in.  She was so compassionate.     The dental surgeon (Dr. J. Soparlo) was fantastic!  He stayed  after clinic closed …"
86, 5 stars ,4 years ago,"An excellent university with a wonderful campus. You feel you're somewhere special --- and are. Although I graduated years ago, I still visit as a member of the Alumni Association board."
87, 4 stars ,6 years ago,"Good scenery and athletic center. Western has decent academic focus, especially in medical science and the Ivey Business school. It also has a good philosophy program. Small class sizes in less selective programs may lead to greater opportunities in research, etc."
88, 1 star ,3 years ago,"Higher up administrators (vice-presidents, vice-provosts, provosts and such) actively attempt to suppress freedom of speech of students (including student's online activity). Like what someone else said, the school threatens students with …"
89, 5 stars ,a year ago,They are always extremely helpful !
90, 5 stars ,6 months ago,Awesome university
91, 5 stars ,9 months ago,Best University in the world ...
92, 5 stars ,6 years ago,"Beautiful campus, great student experience, excellent education. I have completed one degree and am currently completing another at this excellent institution and I cannot recommend it enough. So much to do!"
93, 5 stars ,5 years ago,"As a science undergraduate, I feel sorry for some chemistry student who had terrible years at Western as comment shows. Hopefully everyone could get on his/her own track and carry on. I also did some chemistry courses with Prof. Calvin and …"
94, 1 star ,2 years ago,"I didn't go to Western, and I did admire the school, so I applied for several jobs at Western but never got an interview. I understood I might not be the best candidate, so I called the Human Resources a couple of times, asking for feedback …"
95, 2 stars ,2 years ago,"2/10 rating give to this university, first, the campus is beautiful, second, the girls are beautiful. Students experience? Not too beautiful."
96, 1 star ,5 years ago,A few friends now have told me that they can't get jobs there; they're not students/alumni of Western. They say the University of Western only considers its own students and staff for employment.  I say: that's what a university does when its students and staff can't get jobs anywhere else ;)
97, 1 star ,3 years ago,"Lost a $5,000 scholarship because my department counsellor forgot to submit my application in time (despite frequent emails from my part). After countless hours trying to figure something out with the administration (who of course refused …"
98, 5 stars ,5 years ago,"I had the time of my life at the university. I'm kind of sad that they are calling it 'Western University ' and not ""The University of Western Ontario"". I'm not very impressed with the acrylic tacky looking sign in the front and back of the …"
99, 4 stars ,7 months ago,Great place
