,Review Rate,Review Time,Review Text
0, 4 stars ,a month ago,Big campus so walking to classes can take long. I wish more food options were open. Very nice park areas to walk around.
1, 5 stars ,6 months ago,"Despite being in the heart of one of the busiest cities in the world, the St George Campus of the U of T is calm and youthful. A lively and lovely campus that is surrounded by green parks and dotted with great looking faculty buildings. …"
2, 5 stars ,2 weeks ago,A magnificent and charming campus in the heart of Toronto!
3, 5 stars ,9 months ago,January 2021 walk around the grounds at U of T and taking in the magnificent heritage buildings that make up the University. Truly amazing to see and photograph. …
4, 5 stars ,2 months ago,Amazing tour of the university! 👌🏼👌🏼 Check out these photos 🤩
5, 5 stars ,a month ago,"Outstanding campus! Awesome residences! Located in the heart of the city, very connected to any other place near by. Several stations are available in the surrounding, making the frequency of transport very convenient for travelling. Very beautiful structures and state of the art architectures!"
6, 5 stars ,6 months ago,"Cherry Blossoms!!
They are out and there is a whole bunch all close together which makes for great photos. Many of them have not been fenced off."
7, 5 stars ,a month ago,"Had the most amazing time there. Truly a magical experience; especially the old colleges like Trinity, Victoria, St Mike's. An absolutely wonderful place, leader in cutting edge research and unmatched academic excellence!"
8, 5 stars ,a year ago,My son accepted to University of Toronto two years ago. I would say that the faculty and staff are perfect. Students are serious about education and hold themselves to high standards. The mental health and other student resources have …
9, 4 stars ,9 months ago,Its a calm and beautiful campus that takes you a step back into the history of this university. …
10, 5 stars ,3 months ago,"Great turf field with two full sized soccer fields. This is a great place to come for pickup soccer, as most teams are just made up of random people who drop by. Indoor soccer shoes are better for this hard turf. Highly recommended for pick up soccer and to meet new people."
11, 5 stars ,3 months ago,"Great place for a leisurely stroll.
Beautiful buildings and the area is pretty peaceful compared to the surrounding areas. …"
12, 5 stars ,4 months ago,"The University of Toronto is indeed competitive. However, since they offer an unparalleled breadth of choice, they're a worthy fight as long as you stay sane here. …"
13, 4 stars ,a year ago,"l am horkimg, across street. Toronto.
collegt st.Dawtow."
14, 5 stars ,4 months ago,"There are a few profs here that are doctors
One is a surgeon who is amazing .
Another is a psychiatrist. …"
15, 5 stars ,4 years ago,Didn't take a program at UoT but I'm giving this campus five stars for the architecture and atmosphere. Feels like you step into a historical movie set! Usually quiet - an amazing place to just get away from a busy day. They play the bells …
16, 4 stars ,5 months ago,"As a resident of Toronto, I have a lot of appreciation for the University of Toronto campus. It is full of old and new buildings that are beautiful to tour around during any season. Recommend visiting whether you are a local or a visitor to the region."
17, 2 stars ,a month ago,"It seems that wherever I go, I have people following me around and looking at me in the wrong way was as if I'm being investigated for a crime. I like the campus, but I'm giving this place a negative review because I feel misjudged and the intimidation needs to stop, enough is enough. I'm being pushed over the edge."
18, 4 stars ,2 years ago,"The open university is very big, and there is still a park in the university. There are large lawns in the park with pine trees, so there are many small squirrels coming and going. I feel that the college students here are so happy, the environment is superb."
19, 5 stars ,3 years ago,Huge campus with tons of activities going on. Architecture is amazing and so is the campus. Nice backdrops to get photos professionally shot. Cool place to walk around and staff is friendly to give you a tour if you asked.
20, 5 stars ,3 years ago,"The University of Toronto (U of T, UToronto, or Toronto) is a public research university in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on the grounds that surround Queen's Park. It was founded by royal charter in 1827 as King's College, the first institution …"
21, 5 stars ,a month ago,"I currently attend the University of Toronto - St. George Campus. I would like to say, that this is a remarkable institution. I thank God each and every day for granting me the privilege of studying here. I have had remarkable professors …"
22, 5 stars ,4 years ago,"Nothing could describe UofT and its position in my heart. To those who claim this University is underwhelming, speak for yourself. If you have successfully made your way through the years and stood on the stage of convocation, you will never regret spending time here."
23, 5 stars ,2 years ago,"This is a great place to check out if you are touring the city. There is a lot of rich history and the building are relatively close together, making for a quick walk."
24, 5 stars ,2 years ago,"The former King's College, founded almost two hundred years ago is so vast in terms of both the number of its many a building, various by their history, present, their distinguished alumni, the architectural styles and designs, and its …"
25, 5 stars ,3 years ago,The university is perfect for a relaxing stroll away from the hectic Downtown. It is possible to have guided tour as well on request.
26, 5 stars ,6 months ago,"I like Canada very much. We want to go to Canada for a while and study there. I am 16 years old and we do everything to get there. With the help of my family and God, the University of Toronto, I think it is very advanced and a good place."
27, 5 stars ,3 years ago,Amazing and Huge Campus. Beautiful University with top class research and innovation! One of the greatest universities in Canada and the world.
28, 4 stars ,5 months ago,"Not sure how you could classify the University of Toronto as an attraction, but the more I thought about it from an architectural point of view, I'd definitely recommend a stroll through the campus."
29, 5 stars ,a year ago,This is what we call as a dream uni.
30, 4 stars ,4 months ago,"Easy access by foot, friendly to navigate and close to all the main atractions. A real pleasure to walk through the campus and to feel safe.Arhitecture very impressive, style and grace. Atmosphere is unic in terms of quietness and charm.I prefer this campus to Ann Arborfrom Mi"
31, 5 stars ,3 years ago,it surely is a fine institute with its historical builds spread at the hub of a great city
32, 4 stars ,4 months ago,Lovely place but the construction sites currently working there take away from the aesthetic
33, 5 stars ,2 years ago,"I walk for 20 minutes just to get to this place, i think I'm not regretting , instead I feel satisfied and a good place to be while roaming around the university avenue in Downtown Toronto"
34, 5 stars ,3 years ago,One of the best research universities in Ontario. It is well-known for academics and student support services.
35, 5 stars ,3 years ago,"Went around the campus and paid a visit to their library. Amazed by the old school, Hogwarts-esque feel of the buildings."
36, 5 stars ,3 months ago,Nice and beautiful residents @45Willcocksst for students who loves to stay in school residents.
37, 5 stars ,3 months ago,A great campus with old and new architecture to render the evolution.
38, 3 stars ,3 months ago,Nice place to walk by. But never been inside yet.
39, 5 stars ,3 months ago,Campus is beautiful loved it so many buildings around .old campus
40, 5 stars ,6 months ago,Beautiful university. I am searching my Muslim friend a pious spouse someone who is Muslim and practicing. …
41, 5 stars ,8 months ago,I’m not having fun being a student here but I can’t deny that University of Toronto provides an exceptionally rigorous education. Maybe sometimes at the expense of mental health. A beautiful campus however.
42, 5 stars ,4 months ago,"So so delicious!! Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside"
43, 4 stars ,4 months ago,We spent some time to walk around the grounds and they are beautiful. In particular we like the war memorial to fallen staff
44, 5 stars ,6 months ago,Hello my name is Darwin and I am hoping to get into this college when I can. Right now I am 11 years old in 5th grade so good luck future me!
45, 5 stars ,a year ago,Such a wonderful campus with many magnificent architectures.
46, 5 stars ,5 months ago,Beautiful place! My kids go here and they love it.
47, 3 stars ,8 months ago,My experience was lukewarm at best. Interesting campus and great faculty. Lacking in supports for students and professors alike.
48, 4 stars ,5 months ago,"University of Toronto is not only a school but also an art museum, it's full of the beauty of architecture and it's free; it's the place I would love to visit every weekend!"
49, 5 stars ,2 years ago,Looking through programs and maybe I'll apply as a mature student. So many great programs just finding one that fits me is the difficult part!! This school is the best and I hope one day I'm able to experience it!!
50, 5 stars ,2 years ago,We just went there to see this historic building and I must say Amazing Architecture and loved to walk around.
51, 5 stars ,9 months ago,Thank you so much U of T for all that you've done for me over the years! I am now able to have a successful life after college because of your help and belief in me.
52, 4 stars ,2 years ago,Cool place to have a walk and appreciate.
53, 5 stars ,2 years ago,Really cool campus to walk around! Impressive!
54, 5 stars ,7 months ago,Great location for taking photos. Alot of hidden mini spots if you look carefully.
55, 2 stars ,6 months ago,"I did my undergraduate degree here, and all I can say is that it is subpar. A lot of memory work in the humanities and not much critical thinking is encouraged. I would not recommend this school for arts. It is more about agreeing with the professor and their opinions, and anything going against the mainstream is discouraged."
56, 5 stars ,6 months ago,Amazing campus. Can't wait to study here
57, 5 stars ,8 months ago,"Old and new buildings along St. George St, downtown Toronto. The best university in Canada, and always in top 20 worldwide"
58, 5 stars ,a year ago,Beautiful campus
59, 5 stars ,7 months ago,"The University of Toronto (U of T or UToronto) is a public research university in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located on the grounds that surround Queen's Park. It was founded by royal charter in 1827 as King's College, the first institution …"
60, 1 star ,2 months ago,"got my BA degree here, a soul crushing waste of time and $"
61, 5 stars ,2 years ago,I’m just going to talk about the beautiful architecture of this place. Go inside some of the building specially the one for students recreation is like an old but modern castle. So warm and antique. Love it.
62, 5 stars ,7 months ago,"I'm still in junior high school, but I've prepared myself from now on, do my best to get a scholarship from this university,wish me luck !!!
Em, Honestly, until now I have not found a field where I excel, but I will …"
63, 3 stars ,4 months ago,The architecture is very nice and their students are the best
64, 4 stars ,2 years ago,Visited in the snow. Lovely place.
65, 5 stars ,7 months ago,"My alma mater - lovely campus to walk thru, especially University College"
66, 5 stars ,7 months ago,Beautiful Campus. This is located right in the heart of busy Toronto and walking distance to everything.
67, 5 stars ,7 months ago,Went to Skule here so i definitely have a bias towards this campus.  I hope that all those who goes here also loves it.
68, 5 stars ,a year ago,"Safe, clean, well lit, and secure. 10 min walk from Spadina subway station and Bloor st w. 5 min walk to u of t. Parking underground not cheap. Park on the roadside if possible. Daycare and library within 5 min walk too."
69, 5 stars ,10 months ago,"The campus is really big and has lots of trees,greenery. The buildings are good to look at and we generally enjoy walking around the campus,safe and lots of places to sit around if your tired of walking and want to take a break!"
70, 4 stars ,9 months ago,"I had a shawarma here after going up halal guys. Officer dude said I can move my car only after I'm done, nice dude …"
71, 5 stars ,5 months ago,Great place for an education.  :)
72, 5 stars ,3 years ago,Strong academia and spacious campus.
73, 5 stars ,11 months ago,"Amazing university. My friend goes there its a perfect opportunity to learn here and explore more.
Everything is best also, jaskaransaini.com for more …"
74, 5 stars ,4 years ago,An amazing view of the CN tower especially at night.
75, 5 stars ,4 years ago,Extraordinary architecture and lots of places to hang out and eat!
76, 5 stars ,2 years ago,Beautiful school. Truely magnificent!
77, 5 stars ,6 months ago,The most amazing place for architectures lovers.
78, 5 stars ,6 months ago,Excellent Uni in particular academic postgraduate studies
79, 5 stars ,a year ago,"I am currently taking a course at the School of Continuing Studies at the University of Toronto, St. George, and it has been such an amazing experience so far! I find the professor to be wonderful, the course material easy to understand, …"
80, 4 stars ,a year ago,The buildings and the architecture truly allows your mind to wonder about the occupants of long long years ago who occupied and preserved the space for us to enjoy in today's society.
81, 5 stars ,8 months ago,Did a tree removal in the court yard beautiful buildinvs and scenery
82, 4 stars ,4 years ago,"A world class professional University, with a beautiful campus."
83, 1 star ,2 years ago,Not worth the money for an engineering degree. Literally twice as expensive as a computer science degree. PEY is a broken program that requires at least 12 consecutive months at a single company and won't tolerate multiple internships. …
84, 5 stars ,a year ago,This is a very wonderful school. My boyfriend is studying here. he said it was truly international
85, 2 stars ,4 years ago,Woulda loved to be accepted here but the admissions office did not respond me nor gave me an answer on whether I was waitlisted or accepted into their engineering school
86, 5 stars ,4 years ago,Beautiful buildings and great atmosphere.
87, 3 stars ,a week ago,The best
88, 2 stars ,11 months ago,The building is nice but the application process is far too complicated. It's not a good sign.
89, 5 stars ,a year ago,This is a well respected international university. I appreciated all the years of struggles well worth it.
90, 5 stars ,2 years ago,Beautiful University!
91, 4 stars ,a year ago,it's very pretty in the fall. gets busy around the same time as well because classes begin. some buildings need renovations because they are simply too old but this also adds to the character of the campus. Great place to take pictures!
92, 5 stars ,3 years ago,Beautiful school.
93, 5 stars ,a year ago,"believe me this is the best choice u made  if u are going for Mba real good professors out there willing to help u if u r down for it , there is always some room for some clubs i personally prefer some private  enterpanurship clubs with some like minded friends if u can take it U of T welcomes u . 😎🤓"
94, 5 stars ,2 months ago,Best University for my son
95, 5 stars ,a year ago,Beautiful university campus.
96, 5 stars ,a year ago,"The University of Toronto (U of T or UToronto) is a public research university in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located on the grounds that surround Queen's Park. It was founded by royal charter in 1827 as King's College, the first institution …"
97, 3 stars ,a year ago,Very competitive. Appreciated for the multi-cultural background of students and the downtown life full of foodies and entertainments
98, 5 stars ,a year ago,Beautiful campus. The blending of traditional architecture with modern designs is what makes it stand out. …
99, 5 stars ,9 months ago,Beautiful campus. Great faculty
